family What's up How are you? Well I feel
a little bad because I
woke up today a little bit hurting my
throat again okay I think I've been
dragging it since the trip to
Barcelona especially not because of the
temperature changes in Seville
Barcelona and the stops a stop in
Ibiza I mean like super crazy the
temperature changes that day but
also the tiredness every day
live shows all day recording videos
I think I've been dragging around discomfort and not
only the discomfort but also
Well what I think killed me what I think
killed me was the rush at the
airport
rush that I got addicted to I mean
literally I thought I was going to die
and I think that killed my throat I mean I
think that's what finished me
off because between the sweat suffocating you
know that from my nose I have a
problem that soon I'm going to have
surgery very soon I already have a
date Okay and nothing family
Maybe I can take a couple of days off
from the live shows which is what
burns my voice the most Not in my throat and
maybe yes  better I take a couple
of days off from it let's see I would like to
take a couple of days off from
live shows but it's just not possible
things keep happening so I had to
take a little break here while I'm
enjoying nature and I had to
stop to comment on what I'm going to
comment on in this video no and then in
the canijo well surely today I'll have to
do a couple of live shows okay because there's
a youtuber there's a youtuber from the chav
who made a video threatening but I
mean literally threatening the editor
of Antonio David
with slander with insults with well
tremendous tremendous vocabulary on this
channel I'm not going to comment on anything okay if you're
interested then watch the live show When I
talk about that topic subscribe to my other
channel Okay my youtuber channel of
youtuber gossip which is Javi el
canijo okay Javi el canijo look for him and
there I connect to comment on the gossip
of youtubers okay because on this
channel I don't like to comment on this channel we
talk about news from the heart of
television and celebrities from the press Rosa
okay  I'm just going to say one detail in this
video And it is that I was watching a
piece of the video I haven't seen the whole thing I'll
watch it with you guys live later and
this youtuber talks to me he makes a video
like this he assumed me like this I'm going to wherever he
lives I'm going to wherever he is I hook him and I
give him a shake that removes all
the toxic substances that are
still in his body that's for now but oh
well the video is mind-blowing I mean I saw some
pieces that they posted on Twitter that
Hero posted on Twitter kissy face Mimi a
huge kiss Mimi we love you we
think you're going through a
hard time Mimi we are with you we
miss you we are looking forward to your return and we
send you the best of hugs you
know that you are not alone and that you have a
whole family here which is our
community okay when you come back Okay
then I don't know if I'll do a live stream later
on that subject let's see I'm going to do
something Javi el camino That is my channel
where I comment on the controversies of the
youtubers if you want me to do a live stream
later at night even if my
voice is a little  touched subscribe to that
channel if I see that
500 people have subscribed for example I'll do the
live then okay I'll do the live
then and well in another order of things I
also dropped
tomorrow's guest okay I
had I'm not going to tell you the name okay I'm not going to
say the names I had a
thought of doing a live tomorrow with a
guest with a journalist she has gotten
sick she has to do some things and
so on it didn't come up today one thing that
well we wish her the best from here
of course No and and I've tried with the
guests that I had for the
following weeks and it can't be either no
So the Sundays are coming out a bit strange for me
because I don't have
much of an idea from here on to invite or
who not to invite because really when
they have contracts with the television they
have like certain clauses that don't
let other media come no So
things get a bit complicated for me but
well propose me in the
comments box here we would like you to
invite and
the subject of the video the subject of the video is
that it is very simple the title says it
all absolute failure but it no longer fails
I know that many times youtubers
put headlines  of failure of Rocío
Carrasco resounding failure an 8
family
an 8% audience last night with Rocío
Carrasco and makoke on mediafe is this
Why do they continue making a program that nobody
watches I mean I think there are videos on
YouTube I think there are videos on YouTube
that have more views than
that program will have had because I really
don't believe in the audimeters thing,
that they can count the
audiences I see it as very complicated I mean
really on the internet on YouTube on
Twitch and on all these technologies
Yes the real audiences are counted
because the users are connected
but on TV there is no possible way that
the viewers can be counted
I think it's super falsified I have
never believed in that audience thing there are estimates based on
audimeters I don't know what But that is not
reliable in any way But well the question is
that based on the estimates
8% of the audience is worth it I mean they don't
even reach approximately
800,000 viewers worth it while
Antena 3 has had almost 20% I think  It
's an 18 something
and almost two million viewers
with a white and not very
controversial television let's see if it's true that today
we have Gema Aldom
Gema Aldo in the deluxe that I believe that
yes, it will not only have an audience on
Telecinco but it will have an audience here
on YouTube Because surely it will give us
something to talk about okay on this occasion Gema
It seems that she is going to put her mother down
this is very simple okay from what I have
been picking up between one thing and another I
understand it in the following way and I
want you to correct me in the
comments box if you understand it in
another way okay I think that Gema and her
mother are
a mother and daughter couple who get along like crazy
I think they get along like crazy I
think that Gema has been a girl with a
very complicated adolescence with a
very complicated youth and very complicated
for the mother to deal with no So I
think that the relationship between both of them has been
bad what happens is that in the end due to the
circumstances that each one has had in
her life, they have had to support
each other on more than one occasion
Okay so they have seen themselves as
forced to depend on each other  one of the other
I think that Gema has also made a
lot of use of the mother theme because man
the mother is up to the point the mother is
a person
a person who earns Partner okay she
earns a lot Partner And so in the end
Gema has seen the need to
get closer to the mother and there and then she has
had a little more relationship with
the mother because the mother has
found her a job, well, those things
But in the end when she is
normally not good she
tries to pretend otherwise well in the
end she is destined to fail
absolute failure like the
media fe program that by the way I just
retweeted a tweet look at it okay in which
the master Joao the Seer master me
who predicts the future by looking at a
crystal ball or with some Chinese cards
okay master Joao predicted that the
mediaface was going to be a complete success, in other
words, that Master is not only that he does
not find out The future is that he does not
even see what is happening in the
present okay master Joao really
regrettable regrettable that they continue to give
space to a character like this on
television but oh well family  We'll see
tonight what happens between this
family. We'll be very attentive and we'll be
commenting on it. Send a
big hug and until the next video.